---
layout: post
title:  "Care Team"
---

### What is the care team?
The care team are the hidden heroes of a conference. After their introduction at the beginning of the conference, you most likely will not see them but they are always there. They are the people who **care**. They are there to help you. To create a nice and friendly environment and to support if there is something you feel uncomfortable with.

### What does the care team do?
The care team is there to promote **awareness**. That is why they are also referred to as awareness team.
Being aware means to care for oneself and others, in particular, if their appearance or behavior does not meet predominant social norms. What has considered appropriate behavior in one culture is frequently inappropriate in another one. Misunderstandings arise when I use my meanings to make sense of your reality. The care team aims to promote sympathy and respect for one another and each other’s boundaries. It is important to understand the care team takes a stance against encroaching or molesting behavior and not individuals. ***It should not be seen as police*** but rather as a mediator with the goal to offer everyone a great experience at the conference.

### How is our care team set up?
Our care team is created by volunteers. The core team is 4 people. 3 out of them are not part of the Orga team in order to stay neutral. The last person is part of the Orga team in order to have legal options as the event organizer. We try to have a diverse team as this projects different points of view on each issue.

### How can you contact our care team?
Our care team will be presented at the beginning of the conference. They will also be wearing Orga t-shirt so you can spot them easily. If you don’t want to talk to them in person you can call them at a dedicated number or write them an email at [care@rubyunconf.eu](maltio:care@rubyunconf.eu)
Alternatively, you can talk to any of the Orga members who will wait with you until someone from the care team arrives.

### Does this sound like a role you would like to do?

We are still looking for people who want to be part of our care team. [Just contact us](malti:info@rubyunconf.eu?subject=Care Team Member)
